Updated the document with an example of Git depth. for issue#34676 (#34692)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/modules/sources.mdx

The `depth` URL argument corresponds to
[the `--depth` argument to `git clone`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-clone#Documentation/git-clone.txt---depthltdepthgt),

> instructs the Git to create a shallow clone with the history truncated to only
> the specified number of commits. For example, if you want to perform a shallow clone with only the last 3 commits
> of a repository, you would use the `--depth=3` parameter in the clone URL
> like git::https://example.com/vpc.git?depth=3&ref=v1.2.0. This would fetch only the most recent 3 commits along with
> the necessary data, making the clone faster and more efficient, especially for large repositories.

Reviewer: I prefer a less verbose description (there's a link for more detailed information on git).
Two paragraphs down described why to set depth to 1.
So I propose to merge the two descriptions.

````suggestion
instructs the Git to create a shallow clone with the history truncated to only
the specified number of commits. 
Because Terraform only uses the most recent selected commit to find the source
code of your specified module, it is not typically useful to set `depth`
to any value other than `1`.
```hcl
module "vpc" {
  source = "git::https://example.com/vpc.git?depth=1&ref=v1.2.0"
}
```
````

The `depth` URL argument corresponds to
[the `--depth` argument to `git clone`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-clone#Documentation/git-clone.txt---depthltdepthgt),

> instructs the Git to create a shallow clone with the history truncated to only
> the specified number of commits. 
> Because Terraform only uses the most recent selected commit to find the source
> code of your specified module, it is not typically useful to set `depth`
> to any value other than `1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which instructs Git to create a shallow clone that includes
only the specified number of commits in the history. 
Setting `depth` to `1` is suitable for most cases. This is because Terraform only uses the most recently selected commit to find the source.
```

Author: yeah, make sense
